[DOC] Add doc for finding URL, password, and user in Cloud Profiles (#4352)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/configure-client/language-sdks/ruby.md

If your Pyroscope server has multi-tenancy enabled, you'll need to configure a tenant ID. Replace `<TenantID>` with your Pyroscope tenant ID.

### Locate the URL, user, and password in Grafana Cloud Profiles

> [//]: # 'Shared content for URl locationin Grafana Cloud Profiles'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[//]: # 'Shared content for URl location in Grafana Cloud Profiles'
```
